docs: add info about dot files and dir in flat config (#18239)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/configuration-files.md

For more information on configuring rules, see [Ignore Files](ignore).

> **Note:** Unlike legecy config, by default flat config doesn't ignore files or directories having a name starts with a dot, such as `.fileName` or `.directoryName`.

Reviewer: A bit of cleanup:

```suggestion
::: important
Glob patterns always match files and directories that begin with a dot, such as `.foo.js` or `.fixtures`, unless those files are explicitly ignored. The only dot directory ignored by default is `.git`.
:::
```

Author: Done!
